Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
You…
How long have you been married?
Eight years now.
How old is your child?
Seven.
I bought this house in preparation for marriage.
I thought she'd actually start a family with me.
Yang Dong.
She was like a star in the sky, which was far, far away from you.
Even the light it shed on you felt cold.
This afternoon, after you left,
people from the Battle Command Center talked to me in private.
They wanted me to join the Frontiers of Science.
Well, you didn't agree, right?
No.
Right!
Your choice's quite right!
Let me tell you something. They're just a bunch of arrogant idiots!
They seem to have done some digging.
Yes. Worldwide digging.
So they should know that there are two people that have nothing to do with the Frontiers of Science at all.
And Yang Dong... was one of them.
[Three-Body]
[Episode 2]
Dr. Ding,
why did Yang Dong make a choice like that?
Because physics doesn't exist anymore.
If physics didn't exist anymore,
and you release your hold right now, this book would fly into the sky instead of falling to the floor.
You're right.
If physics didn't exist anymore, Schrodinger wouldn't have been on the floor.
He would've been… in the sky.
So, Einstein wouldn't have been on the floor either.
Newton wouldn't have been on the floor either.
None of these people would've been on the floor.
They would've all been floating in the sky.
They're all on the floor now.
Do you know how to play this?
A little.
Yang Dong and I loved it
because it reminded us of the collision in a particle collider.
Help me clean this.
You may toss them wherever you want. It's okay.
No need. It's okay. You don't have to stack them up.
Just toss them away.
Can you hit it into the hole?
I think any normal person can do it.
Let's rotate it 90 degrees.
All right.
Okay. This will do.
Dr. Ding, what are we doing?
Do it again.
Okay, now the experiments are over. Let's analyze the results.
We conducted five collision experiments in total, right?
The first four took place in different positions at different times,
and the fifth one happened in the same position as the first one, but at a different time,
so you're not surprised by this outcome, right?
All five collision experiments generated the same result.
What do you mean?
I… I'd like you to explain this outcome with the language of physics.
Language of physics.
In the five previous experiments, there was no change whatsoever in the mass of the two balls.
Their relative positions, if using the pool table as a reference frame, never changed either.
The velocity vector at which the white ball hit the black one hardly changed,
which caused the momentum exchange generated by the collision between the balls to remain unchanged as well.
That's the reason the black ball went into the hole every time it got hit.
So now you've discovered a great law.
the laws of physics are even in terms of time and space.
From the start of human history until now, all the discoveries made in the field of physics,
such as Archimedes' principle, the string theory, every single one of those things is based on this law.
You know what I mean?
I understand your words, but I don't know what you're trying to convey.
Do you dare to imagine...
another result?
In the first experiment, the black ball was hit into the hole.
In the second one, well, the black ball went off track.
In the third one, the black ball flew into mid-air.
In the fourth one, the black ball, like a scared sparrow, flew around in the room.
And then in the fifth one, at nearly the speed of light, it flew off this table,
penetrated through the wall, broke free from Earth's gravity, and shot straight out of the solar system.
Just like what Asimov depicts in his sci-fi novels.
If the results of the experiments were like that,
what… what would you think?
You and Yang Dong both liked playing pool...
because it reminded you of the collision in a particle collider.
So this kind of thing really did happen?
In Yang Dong's lab?
The first data, recorded at 9:07.
The second data, recorded at 10:22.
The third data, recorded at 10:50.
They're all inconsistent.
They're also inconsistent with the calculation results.
The experiment failed.
It happened.
But that was always part of the experiment.
In terms of experiment, that was quite normal.
Yeah. In terms of experiments, abnormal data is a normal thing, right?
But this time, things are different.
Let's get back to pool.
So, if in the fourth experiment, the black ball flew all around like a sparrow,
and in the fifth one it flew out of the solar system,
if I need you to verify that kind of results, would you be able to do it with deduction?
I specialize in applied physics, so I don't know much about this kind of stuff,
but I think that's very unlikely.
These are the faxes you sent to the victim.
You sent all these?
What's wrong?
Is your girlfriend okay?
What's going on exactly?
What's the matter?
Look at this.
Experiment results.
No. The time.
[ Sunday, August 02, 2006; 09:00:00 ]
The time.
[ Sunday, August 02, 2006; 09:50:53 ]
This can't be happening.
Nine o'clock... Nine o'clock.
It couldn't have been nine.
Impossible.
The data, which was the same as Yang Dong's,
had been delivered to Professor Munphy while her experiment was still ongoing.
No way.
According to our known knowledge of physics, that's absolutely impossible.
We think it's impossible because right now we still believe in physics.
Yang Dong expounded and proved it.
I don't know either.
I want to find out as well.
If this is true, then… the evenness of time and space
that laws of physics are based on will be
non-existent, which means…
Which means physics doesn't exist anymore.
This will be a catastrophe for the research of cutting-edge theory.
So, to make an achievement in theoretical physics, you need an unswerving religious belief.
That's why there are people believing the hypothesis about the shooter and the farmer.
The shooter and the farmer.
That's the theory of the Frontiers of Science.
Yeah. Anyway, those theories which cannot be proved right
and cannot be proved wrong either are actually, to put it bluntly…
You know, they give people hope.
But sometimes this kind of hope might drive people
to their doom.
I always felt that
I was about to win her heart.
Maybe, if you accept my proposal, the experiment will go well.
The experiment failed.
Then do some extra ones.
But maybe I was wrong.
The data, which was the same as Yang Dong's,
had been delivered to Professor Murphy when her experiment was still ongoing.
No way.
According to our known knowledge of physics, that's absolutely impossible.
We think it's impossible, because right now we still believe in physics.
Physics
doesn't exist anymore.
Physics doesn't exist anymore.
Are you blind?
What a psycho!
♫ Advance! Advance! ♫
♫ The momentum of revolution is unstoppable ♫
♫ In the direction of victory  ♫
♫ Three red flags are fluttering in the wind  ♫
♫ 600 million people are striving for national prosperity  ♫
♫ Working diligently to make this beautiful country stronger  ♫
♫ Resolved to turn their mother country into a paradise  ♫
♫ Advance! Advance!  ♫
[Spring Grass Cottage]
[Piela Hutong 4-2]
Hi.
Welcome back to the Frontiers of Science.
Sorry to disturb you.
No.
I'm very happy you called.
You want me to join the Frontiers of Science?
I want everybody to join us, and get to know us.
I still can't fully accept your theory... though it sounds fascinating.
Anything, when you begin to doubt it and want to break through it, becomes the most fascinating.
That's why our organization is named Frontiers of Science.
In this area, owning such a large manor house, the owner must be no ordinary person.
This is a private residence of one of our members.
It was offered to us for communication.
Professor Wang?
That member specializes in quantum entanglement, right?
Yes, it is.
Welcome, friends visiting the Frontiers of Science for the first time.
And welcome back, Professor Wang Miao.
Professor Wang participated in some of our previous discussions.
So, next, I'd like you to tell everybody what our research is about.
[Frontiers of Science]
I think it's the shooter hypothesis and the farmer hypothesis.
Assuming that a marksman leaves bullet holes on a target at intervals of 10 centimeters,
then suppose that on this target resides a kind of two-dimensional intelligent species.
Their scientists, after observing their universe, discovered a great law.
Each time they travel 10 centimeters, they're guaranteed to find a hole.
They mistake what the shooter did on a whim as an unchanging law of their universe.
In the eyes of those two-dimensional creatures,
the holes made at intervals of 10 centimeters might be the greatest wonder in their world.
Maybe they're planning on adventuring.
Maybe they're even researching surveying equipment,
trying to find out which material can help them explore in a more efficient and safer way.
Maybe it's nano-material.
There's also a farmer hypothesis.
There is a flock of turkeys on a farm.
Every day the farmer feeds them at 11 AM.
One of the turkeys, a scientist, observes the phenomenon.
It observes for almost a year, and there haven't been any exceptions,
so it also announces a great law of their universe.
Food arrives at 11 AM every day.
One day, when it's 11 o'clock, the farmer shows up again,
but it's Thanksgiving Day.
Food doesn't come.
The farmer walks inside,
takes them all and slaughters them.
We might be like the two-dimensional scientist on that target...
or the turkey scientist on the farm.
If, in this world, there is indeed a kind of supernatural power,
the shooter,
then the regularity that the shooter knows is the truth.
Newton's classical mechanics is totally useless in the micro-world,
and Einstein's theory of relativity, when applied to the quantum world, raises even more problems.
If science has frontiers,
then what we're about to touch is very likely to be the frontiers.
The "truth" that those two-dimensional creatures find is not the truth,
because in their world, they can never find the truth.
Their science...
has frontiers.
Then what's beyond the frontiers?
What regularities do the shooter and the farmer know?
Personally, this is not just science.
It's more like a ritual.
A ritual of infinite exploration of the frontiers of science.
But what's the point of all this?
State your opinions.
I have no impressive opinions.
Every one of you know more about theories than I do,
but I think today's discussion serves only to make scientists vulnerable.
In my eyes,
there's no way whatsoever to authenticate these hypotheses.
But if those two-dimensional creatures and the turkeys on the farm
find out everything but are powerless to make any difference,
how despairing will they be?
Actually, your current attitude proves that
no matter whether you're willing to admit it or not,
you've come to believe this hypothesis.
Even if I believe it, I will not accept that I'm a turkey scientist.
Previous to this, maybe you've never thought that you might be a turkey scientist.
I will not accept I'm a turkey scientist.
Dr. Shen,
has it ever occurred to you
that such a statement can kill?
The turkeys on the farm
are meant to die on Thanksgiving Day.
[Defend Our Mother Country]
Professor Wang, you don't look very well.
Rough night?
The other day, you said those words to me on purpose, right?
What words?
Asking me to talk to Ding Yi.
Making me become suspicious of the Frontiers of Science.
All those were tricks meant for me, right?
You set a trap for me and waited for me to step into it.
Although you're a science guy, you're pretty smart.
Well, what did you find out?
Fill me in.
Was Yang Dong's death really suicide?
In terms of criminology and forensic examination,
it was undoubtedly suicide, but if all their deaths were suicide, then what's the point of our investigation?
You're still trying to trick me.
You're trying to trick me into focusing on Yang Dong.
That's right. I need to set another trap for you.
Yang Dong's funeral is in two days.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
Go ahead.
What are you doing?
Give me a ride downhill.
That's not even my car. Why are you pulling?
People are prone to make mistakes when… when agitated.
He went to Ding Yi, and then Shen Yufei.
Don't get too excited.
What's that going to prove?
I bet he'll attend Yang Dong's funeral.
Why?
No particular reason.
This Wang Miao guy strikes me as very special.
Old Chang, it's been such a long time, and this is just a case about scientists' suicides.
With such a large Battle Command Center, have you really found nothing?
It's about time you fill me in.
I mean, it's been some time since you transferred me here.
Does everything going on in this center need to be reported to you?
All you have to do is solve the case of the scientist.
All right.
Consider it done.
I'll crack this case for you following the clues from Wang Miao.
But... don't forget our deal.
My suspension, you need to handle it for me.
Have I not handled it for you?
Are you under suspension?
You're doing pretty well in my department, aren't you?
The first bow.
The second bow.
The third bow.
Kin's reciprocal bow.
Ms. Ye, sorry for your loss.
Who are you?
I'm Yang Dong's friend.
My name is Wang Miao.
Thank you.
Do you specialize in string theory as well?
No.
I specialize in nanotechnology.
Applied physics.
A few days ago, I read a news report, and it's about nanotechnology.
It mentioned a kind of super-strength nanomaterial.
Its name is Flying Blade.
That's the very thing we've been researching in our lab.
That's very audacious and very forward-looking.
You flatter us, Ms. Ye.
It happened not that long ago
when the superstring model verification experiment was conducted in Liangxiang,
I took a picture of Yang Dong.
I brought it here so you could have it as a keepsake.
Sorry, Ms. Ye.
There was a technical glitch when I was developing and printing it.
I'll develop and print another one and deliver it to your house in a few days.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
See you, Ms. Ye.
You look pretty good dressed entirely in black.
I know what you're going to say.
I came here purely to show my respect for a scientist and offer my condolences.
Did I make myself clear enough?
Stop following me.
Did I ask you to make yourself clear?
You and Ye Wenjie, Yang Dong's mother, talked for a long time.
Is that so?
Sorry for your loss. Goodbye.
It took you that long to say those words?
What is this?
- Hello?
- Xiao Wang?
- Old Li.
- What's up?
What's going on? I asked you to develop that roll of film for me.
Was there something wrong with your machine?
Why are there time codes on the pictures?
That's… That's impossible.
That never happened to my other customers.
Could it be that your negative's problematic?
Hold on.
The negative has it too.
Could it be the film?
- I bought the film from you as well.
- It can't be.
I think it's your camera.
Could it be that you got the timer wrong?
Wait, what's the brand of your camera?
Leica. M2, 1988.
Fully mechanical and manual.
Well, that's a beautiful thing!
You're such a big spender!
It can't be. Your camera should have no timer in it.
Well, even if it had a timer, there's no way the time could've appeared in the middle of the picture.
Well, I don't know.
How about you do some more research?
Something's not right.
- The color of these codes changes with the background.
- What?
Well, I'll do some research about it. Talk to you later.
All right.
Time?
They're all smaller than 60.
It's time.
Countdown.
It's a countdown.
There are…
1,194 hours left.
1,187 hours.
♫ It's just a matter of time ♫
♫  Should we say goodbye  ♫
♫  Or should we keep it all  ♫
[Yang Dong]
[Tsinghua University Relentless self-improvement. Unswerving virtue.]
♫ Fireworks  ♫
♫ You wasted it all just to watch me burn  ♫
♫ And on and on and on  ♫
♫ We can fight it back  ♫
♫ Starting with our lives ♫
♫  Or should we keep it all  ♫
1,187 hours.
49 days.
What's going to happen in 49 days?
♫ With the cost of all  ♫
After investigating the scene, they discovered the victim's pacemaker was interrupted by someone.
Fingerprints were lifted from the crime scene.
The victim's fingerprints and the fingerprints found on the pacemaker
are being delivered to examiners for cross-reference.
The data is identical, so they definitely got the time wrong.
I only sent him faxes.
If it was he who photocopied them, how could the faxes have been photocopied at different times?
Nobody could've gotten the results of your experiment before you conducted it.
It's definitely the machine. Have some faith in science, okay?
Can a photocopier make mistakes with only the time?
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫  Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫  Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫  Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫  Soon your planet will be punished ♫
[Three-Body]